---
layout: post
title: Canada Winter Games
date: 2015-02-21 09:00:20 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
img: cwg2015.jpeg # Add image post (optional)
type: squash
fig-caption: # Add figcaption (optional)
tags: []
---

Young athletes from across the country are packing their bags, ready to take off on the trip of a lifetime this weekend to compete in the 2015 Canada Winter Games in Prince George, BC.

The Canada Games kicked off February 13th with an exciting Opening Ceremony at the CN Centre in Prince George, and is wrapping up competition in 12 sports as part of Week 1. Squash joins 10 other sports as Week 2 competition kicks off Sunday.

Squash is proud to have increased participation from the 2011 edition of the Games, hosted in Halifax, as 12 Provinces and Territories will be competing in Prince George. Also new to this year’s event is an Individual Competition, featuring a draw of 16 each for boys and girls.

“We’re very happy that all of our member Provinces and Territories will be a part of this year’s Canada Games”, says Danny Da Costa, Squash Canada Executive Director. “The inclusion of the Individual Competition is also a very exciting aspect, as it will give more Provinces and Territories a shot at the podium while showcasing some excellent squash.”

The Individual draws begin Sunday evening, with the Team competition starting on Monday and continuing through next Saturday.

The Canada Winter Games is held every two years, alternating between Summer and Winter Games. A collaboration of youth, sport, culture and community, the Canada Games is Canada’s largest multi-sport competition for young athletes. First held in 1967 in Quebec City, Canada Games showcases our country’s next generation of national, international, and Olympic Champions.

<a href="https://youtu.be/yvp5qkxOCb0" target="_blank">Men's Squash Final - Ontario vs Alberta</a>